I studied over 7,356
viral short form content videos, took
117 pages of notes, and have created
hundreds of viral short form content
videos for myself and clients. So, we
could build our personal brands and
businesses on social media. I'm going to
show you how to create killer short form
content that will actually get you
meaningful results like this, this, and
this. In this video, you will learn how
to go from blank page to fully optimized
killer short. Okay, so every short
consists of seven different factors.
Number one, we have your topic, what the
video is about. Number two, the hooks.
The verbal hook, what you hear in the
first three seconds of the video. The
written hook, what you read in the first
three seconds of the video. And the
visual hook, what you see in the first
three seconds of the video. Now, number
three, you have the value. This is the
meat of your video. Basically, the
educational takeaway. And then number
four, you have the script angle, the
direction your video is going to take.
Number five, the CTA, the call to action
at the end of your video. Number six,
the format, the engaging way you film
your video. And number seven, the
editing style, the text, colors,
visuals, and music. Okay, those are the
seven main factors that every viral
short has. Someone I extremely align
with in this ideology is Callaway. If
you guys like this type of content, I
would actually really recommend checking
out him. Super super smart guy. Now that
we've gone over the seven factors, I can
now go over how we can create a killer
short form piece of content from start
to finish. So factor number one was
topic. So what the video was about.
Everybody creating content should write
out their niche and subniches, aka what
you're creating content about. Start off
with writing your main broad niche. This
could be fitness, nutrition, business,
sales, fashion, beauty, whatever it may
be. Then you're going to write five to
seven subniches that fall under that
niche. For example, if I was in fitness,
my subniches would be things like
lifting, cardio, nutrition, protein,
sleep, getting a six-pack. You kind of
get the idea. So, to complete factor
number one successfully, you want to
choose one of your subniches to be the
topic of your short. Now, we're moving
on to factor number two, hooks, the
verbal, written, and visual. Listen,
never throw spaghetti at the wall.
You're going to research proven outlier
hooks and use them in your video. But
what is an outlier hook? These are
videos from small to mid-size creators
that tremendously outperforms their
average videos. To make it measurable, I
like videos to follow the 5x rule,
meaning they have 5x views than that
creator's following. That is how you
truly know you have an outlier.
Basically, we want to find outliers and
pull from those to get our verbal,
written, and visual hooks and use them
in our own content. Since it already
went viral, it really does just have a
better chance of going viral again. Now,
there are multiple different ways to go
about finding these outlier hooks, but
I'm going to show you my favorite three
research methods. Side note, I do all my
research on Instagram for hooks simply
because it typically is the hardest to
go viral on Instagram with short form
content. So, if they did viral, you
really know they're good. Research
method number one is creator research.
So, open up the Instagram app and go to
the Instagram explore page. Here, you're
going to type in and search the topic
you're using for your video. Then, go
ahead and click accounts and or the real
tab and you're going to scroll through
these to find creators in your niche.
With each creator you find that you
like, you want to go ahead and find
their top five to 10 most viral videos
on their account. You can do this
manually by scrolling through or I
recommend using this Chrome extension
called Sortfeed. After you download it,
just go ahead to that creator's
Instagram account on your computer.
Click the little puzzle piece icon.
Click the Sortfeed Chrome extension.
Click the drop down, click all items,
click views, and wait. Save as a CSV
spreadsheet and find and save videos
that follow the 5X rule from that
creator that you like. Research method
number two is keyword research. Go to
the Instagram explore page, click the
search bar, and write and search your
video's topic. Then click the reals tab
and find and save videos that follow the
5x rule about your topic that you like.
Now, if you're struggling to find
videos, just search up different
variations of your topic in order to
find stuff. And then number three is the
reals recommendations tab. So, what I
really recommend doing is doing research
methods number one and two and then
going to your reals recommendation tab
and do what I call intentionally
scrolling. Basically, after you do all
this research on one topic and you save
a bunch of videos about this topic, your
for YouTube on Instagram kind of starts
recommending a bunch of videos
surrounding that and these videos are
typically not going to pop up during the
keyword research that you do or the
creator research you do. So, this is
truly how you find those hidden outlier
gems that I really love. Scroll through
those for a little while and then just
find and save any videos that follow the
5x rule that are surrounding your topic
that you like. In order to complete
factor number two, you need to find a
written, verbal, and a visual hook that
all follow the 5x rule to use in your
video. Now, moving on to factor number
three, the value. This is the meat of
your video, really the educational
takeaway. For an example, we're going to
look at some of Jeff Nipper's videos and
kind of point out the value he's using
in each one. He's a big creator in the
fitness space. Example number one,
&gt;&gt; he always trains his calves using a full
range of motion, and he only does the
top half. Who do you think will grow
bigger calves? For the value of this
video, he breaks down a study that
compares different calf exercise
variations to see which one's the most
effective. Example number two,
&gt;&gt; people think building muscle is
expensive, but I'll show you how to do
it for $8 a day.
&gt;&gt; In the value of this video, he shares an
example day of eating for under $8.
Example number three,
&gt;&gt; most people can't last 30 seconds in a
dead hang, which is one [music] of the
best tests of grip strength.
&gt;&gt; For the value of this video, he shares
five steps to find your max dead hang
time, so you can see if you're a
beginner, intermediate, or pro. Example
number four,
&gt;&gt; training splits tier list. For the value
of this video, he rates different
training splits that he has done in the
past based on his experience. For the
value of your video, you can either use
like an outsideformational source or you
can use your personal
knowledge/experience. For example, in
this video, Jeff used a study. And in
the hook of this video, he mentioned it
was his first time even timing his dead
hang. So, I assume he got his tips from
maybe an article, a study, an expert in
the space, something like that. But then
in these two videos, he just used his
own knowledge and experience to make the
value. So to clarify, in the value of
your videos, you're either going to use
value from anotherformational source or
just from your own personal knowledge/
experience and even sometimes a mix of
both. Can I be transparent guys? You
should be using your own knowledge and
experience most of the time if you're
truly an expert in your space/niche. Not
only this way, you're going to remain
authentic, but you're actually an
authority. You're actually an expert. So
that's why you have credibility to be
posting about this niche. I would really
avoid posting about something you don't
know that much about. And if you do use
anformational source, which is not a bad
thing. I just recommend really trying to
use your own knowledge and value. But if
you do, which everyone does, including
myself sometimes, make sure to give them
credit. Now, the last note I have about
value is this. There is a huge
difference between fluffy value and
immeasurable value. Fluffy value is
unclear and not specific. People do not
know what to do with it after.
Measurable value is very specific,
actionable, and clear. Make sure you
always use measurable value. For factor
number three, you want to decide what
measurable educational value do you want
people taking away from your video. Now,
remember, we're trying to create videos
that help you build a personal brand or
help grow your business. So, we're not
going to be posting memes, funny
content, useless trends, because yeah,
they may get you views, but they're not
actually going to get you the leads or
the followers that you want. So, I want
to be abundantly clear. Make sure people
can take away something from your video
that makes their lives better, because
that is how you build a personal brand.
Moving on. Factor number four, script
angle. You can turn one video idea into
seven videos because of what we call
angles. There are seven main different
angles you can take with a video. Number
one, a tutorial angle, showing a
step-by-step process, framework,
acronym, etc. Number two, comparison,
where you could compare different
actions, methods, products, etc. Number
three, the mythbust/common mistake
angle. This one's pretty
self-explanatory. You're just breaking a
common belief about something niche
related or debunking a common mistake
made. Number four, the do's versus don't
or right versus wrong angle. This is
where you share what to not do versus
what to do to get a certain result with
something niche related. Number five,
the educational tip/hack angle. This is
where you're showing a oneoff niche
related tip hack lesson. Number six, the
transformation angle. This is where
you're showing a personal or
customer/client before and after result.
And number seven, the challenge angle.
This is where you kind of gify trying to
get a certain result. Now, let's say my
video topic was how to get abs. Here are
seven different video ideas with that
same topic, but just using the different
angles. Now, no matter what angle you
choose, you can either take the script
and tell it as like an educational reel,
or you can take a storytelling
perspective on it. Whatever you choose,
here are different script templates
depending on the angle you choose that
you can use to write out your script
along with the hooks and value you
chose. For factor number four, you want
to choose that angle and see whether
you're taking an educational or
storytelling approach and then write out
your scripts. You do not have to use
those templates, by the way. Those are
just to help. Now, for factor number
five, this is the CTA, the call to
action at the end of your video. Okay,
so what is your goal with your short?
The main two are typically going to be
you either want to build your following,
build your personal brand, or you want
to drive leads to something, whether
that's a freebie, product, service, etc.
To save you some time, I've just created
CTA templates that you can use at the
end of your videos to direct people to
whatever your goal is. Now, if you're
thinking about taking people to a
product, service, or freebie link,
please do not use link in bio. Please
just use Many Chat. Trust me, if you're
on Instagram, you know this. It's
basically when people just comment a
keyword that you say and then it will DM
them the link you wanted to send them.
Now, if you don't know how to set up
many, it's literally so simple. Here is
how you're going to set up a Many Chat
flow. Click new automation plus new
trigger. User comments on your post or
video. You can select if you want this
trigger to work on all of your videos or
just one of your videos. Then click
continue. Set your trigger word. I
recommend it being under five to seven
letters. Click continue. Click the
second box. Type in what message you
want to send them if they comment. Click
plus new button. Then add the link where
you want to send them. So this is where
you add your freebie link, product, or
service page. Then click set live. Also,
a little disclaimer. Everything I
mention in this video I have no
affiliation with. So this is just truly
what I use. You can take it at face
value. For factor number five, you are
going to determine what CTA you want to
use and where you want to direct people
to. For factor number six, you want to
choose a video format you film in.
Adjust your script as needed and then go
ahead and film your video. You see,
sitting down and talking videos are
boring. Okay, that worked in 2022,
y'all. Now, you should film your content
in an engaging format that will actually
hold people's attention and increase
your watch time. Now, there's multiple
different formats that you can choose
from. But, I'm going to go over a few
popular ones that work really well. So,
first, we have the talking back and
forth format. This is when someone
pretends to be the smart character and
the dumb character, and the smart one
teaches the dumb one a niche framework,
lesson, tip, etc. Second, we have the
visual format. This is when
props/vvisuals are used to teach a niche
concept. Number three, we have the
voiceover format. when you see videos/
images on the screen and a voice talking
is playing over them. Number four,
multitasking format. When someone is
teaching a niche concept, lesson or tip
and they're also doing something
unrelated like cooking, cleaning, doing
their makeup, etc. Number five, the
setting change format. This is when
throughout the video the person changes
locations. Number six, the shot/angle
change format where every two seconds a
new shot/angle is used. Number seven, we
have the clone format, my personal
favorite, where you double yourself on
the screen and compare two different
things. Number eight, the whiteboard
format. This is when someone uses a
whiteboard to explain a niche concept,
topic, or lesson. Number nine, the one
person or multiple person Q&amp;A format.
This is when someone behind the camera
asks one person or multiple different
people being filmed in front of the
camera a question. Number 10, green
screen. This is where you film with
videos/ images playing directly behind
you that's correlating with whatever
you're talking about. Then number 11,
reaction. This is where you take a mega
viral video in your niche and react to
it. And then afterwards, you give your
opinion, knowledge, or expert advice.
These were just some of the most common
ones, but to recap for factor number
six, you want to choose what engaging
format you are going to film your video
with. You may need to adjust your script
a little bit. Sometimes it's helpful to
choose this before you actually script
out your video. But either way works.
Now, it does remind me, I do want to say
with the steps, it is completely
flexible of what order you want to take
them. For example, if you want to pick
out your hooks before you determine your
topic or you want to do your value
before you find your hooks, that is
totally fine. In fact, that's what I do
most of the time. But I do see a lot of
people do it this way, so I thought I'd
put it in that order. Now, factor number
seven, editing style. your text, colors,
visuals, music, whatever. We all know
those creators that just have the
perfect recognizable editing style. So,
here's a step-by-step breakdown of how
to create yours, but again, these are
not hard and fast rules, so you can be
flexible with this. Step number one,
colors. You want to choose two to three
main colors. On the screen, there's a
bunch of color rules that you can
follow, or you can just choose whatever
colors you like. Number two, font.
Again, you want to choose two to three
here. So, a primary font. This is going
to be used for written hooks, big bold
text in your video. A secondary font,
this is going to be used for just the
regular captions. and then an optional
accent font. This is going to be kind of
used sparingly for little annotations
throughout the video. Then number three,
visuals. You want to have two to three
consistent visual types in your video.
These could be screenshots, screen
recordings, B-roll, images, PGs, charts,
graphs, etc. And for the visuals you
choose, of course, just add these all
throughout your video. Those three
things you choose once and then just
edit all of your videos like that and
boom, you have a consistent editing
style that people can recognize. So for
factor seven, you want to go ahead
determine your editing style and edit
your video. All right, and that is
basically how I've created all my
clients and my viral short form pieces
of content. Now, while you can't ever
guarantee results on social media, you
can optimize your videos in a way to
make them higher likely to succeed. Now,
I've seen people get their first big win
within a week, within a month, within
months. But truly, the only way you do
not fail is if you keep posting and you
stay consistent. I promise you, one day
you will get that video. On my personal
account, it took about two weeks to get
my first big hit. On my brand new
business page, it took months. And with
our clients, too, it always varies. The
key is to be patient and never stop. And
also, do not sacrifice your integrity by
posting something that you will regret
later just to get views. Guys, it's so
tempting to post trends, aesthetic
content, or fluffy content that might
get you that short-term viral big win.
But you do not want to go viral off of
those and get followers who do not care
about you. Take the time and be patient
to make videos that you're proud of that
are valuable, educational, vulnerable,
personal, raw, real, because those will
get you the best quality followers who
actually care about you and help you
build a personal brand. And in turn, if
you have a business, that's also what's
going to get you leads because people
can like, know, and trust you. So, take
the time to create great videos that you
are proud of and may take longer to get
you results because that's actually
going to build you your dream social
media account. Sorry, I didn't have it
in my notes to say that, but I really do
want to emphasize that these are the
types of videos we want to create. But
be patient, guys. Anyone who has a brand
on social media had to go through the
pain of growth on these apps. It is so
worth it when it's done right. So,
please don't give up. Thanks for
watching and follow for more social
media marketing education.