This is how to create a killer hook so
you can get meaningful results on your
short form content. The first 3 seconds
of your video will determine the results
on your entire short. The top 1% of
creators are able to create big hits
over and over again. But what do these
successful creators know that you don't?
Well, today I'm going to show you how to
create the perfect hook for your videos.
First, you need to know that there are
three main types of hooks. Number one,
the verbal hook. This is what you hear
the first 3 seconds of a video. Number
two, the written hook. This is what you
hear the first 3 seconds of the video.
And number three, your visual hook. This
is what you see the first 3 seconds of
your video. I find the more hooks you
use in your video, the bigger chance of
winning. Now that we've gone over that,
I'm going to show you how to find hooks.
Listen, never throw spaghetti at the
wall. Research proven viral outlier
hooks online and then use those in your
video. For example, this was a viral
outlier hook.
&gt;&gt; This is not a flex, but I'm pretty
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at photography and
videography. And this was my hook. Not
to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at
social media marketing. This was a viral
outlier hook.
&gt;&gt; [music]
&gt;&gt; And this was my hook. How I got my rolls
from this to this in 30 days. [music]
But Ava, what is a viral outlier hook? I
got you. These are videos from small to
mid-size creators that have performed
way better than their average video. To
make it measurable, I like to use the 5x
rule. Outlier videos have five times the
amount of views than that creator's
following. That makes a truly viral
piece of content. And these views are
organic, not paid. We find and use viral
outlier verbal, written, and visual
hooks to use in our own content. Since
it already went it
has a really great chance of going viral
again because it's virally proven. Now,
there are multiple different ways to
find viral outlier hooks, but I'm going
to show you how we do research every
single month for myself and clients to
find these viral outlier hooks to then
move on to script our videos so we can
batch a whole month of content. So, step
number one is creating keywords. Now,
there are a few different ways to do
this. Number one, niche your overall
broad industry. Number two, subtopics.
Small subniches you create content about
within your niche. And number three,
your occupation name {slash} title. With
these, you want to create a list of
keywords that you can research. Step
number two, you're going to reset your
algorithm on a dummy account just for
your research. Open up Instagram on your
phone on a dummy account. Click the
profile profile picture at the bottom
right. Click three lines. Click content
preferences. Click reset suggested
content. Click next. Click reset
suggested content and click reset
suggested content. This is going to
fully reset your algorithm from scratch.
Step number three, keyword research.
Open up Instagram on your phone. Open up
the explore page. Click the search icon
and click the search bar. Search your
niche, subtopic, or occupation keyword.
Scroll and find and save good hooks that
follow the 5x rule. Now, you're going to
repeat this process and find all the
hooks you can. Then move on to your next
keyword and repeat that same process
over again. You're going to keyword
research all of the keywords that you
came up with. Remember, we're trying to
get a whole month of research here. Now,
step number four is account research.
First, we need to find a bunch of
Instagram accounts in our niche that we
like. And there's a few different ways
to do this. There's the Instagram
account method. After searching up your
keyword, click accounts. Open up the top
account. Analyze the account. You know,
look at it. Analyze it. Does it look
like your niche or your client's niche
or what they would post? The answer is
yes, you're going to screenshot it. The
answer is no, just move on to the next
account. And you're going to repeat this
with searching up keywords, looking at
the top accounts, and screenshotting the
ones you like, and repeat that process.
Now, another method to find accounts is
the Reels method. After you search up
your keyword, you're going to scroll
through and click on Reels, and you're
going to find a good video that client
would post. Then you're just going to
click on the profile picture icon, kind
of analyze that account. Does it look
like something that you would post? You
like the content they're posting? Yes or
no? The answer is yes, you're going to
screenshot. Answer is no, just move on.
You're going to keep scrolling through
that For You tab, the recommended tab
after you search the keyword, and
screenshot more accounts that you like.
Again, repeat this with different
keywords. Next method is suggested
accounts. So, open up one of the best
accounts that you screenshot in on
Instagram, and then you're going to
click follow. Then you're going to
scroll through the suggested accounts
and click on the ones that they
recommend. Then for each account, just
analyze it. Does the content on that
account look like stuff you would post?
Do you like it? The answer is yes,
you're going to screenshot. Answer is
no, just move on. Again, you're going to
repeat this with other suggested
accounts, and you're also going to
repeat this with other creators. Now,
the last method to find good creators in
your niche that again, we're going to be
doing something with later, is the
creator's following. So, open up one of
the best accounts you screenshot in and
click the following tab. Then you're
going to click on other niche accounts
that they follow cuz typically they will
follow people in their niche. You're
going to analyze their account, and if
it looks like something you really like,
you like what they're posting, and you
align with it, then just screenshot
those accounts. But if you don't, then
move on. Now, repeat this with other
people they follow, and repeat with
other creators. By the end of this, you
should have a ton of accounts that
you've screenshot it. And what we're
going to do with these accounts is we
are going to sort out their best
performing content to find viral
outliers. So, one by one, you're going
to go to each account and do the
following. Open up Instagram on your
phone. Go to the account of one of these
screenshot in Instagram accounts that
you got. Then you're going to click the
Reels icon on their profile. Click the
drop-down arrow. Click most viewed. And
you're going to save those good viral
outlier hooks that you really like.
You're going to repeat this with each
account that you screenshot it. Now,
step number five is the Reels tab
research. So, once you've completed all
of your Instagram keyword research, and
you've completed all of your screenshot
in creators and finding their most viral
videos, you're going to have a ton of
viral videos saved on your Instagram,
okay? That are in your niche with really
great hooks that you could use that
follow the 5x rule. There's one more
thing you're going to do. Open up
Instagram on your phone on the dummy
account where you reset that algorithm,
okay? Click on the Reels tab at the
bottom, scroll through and find and save
hooks in your niche that follow the 5x
rule that you like, guys. This is how
you find those incredible hidden gems
that do not pop up during your creator
or keyword research. The reason I had
you reset your algorithm is because you
did a bunch of research on a specific
niche. So, now all your recommendations
are going to be towards this niche and
videos about that niche. And this is how
you just find insane outliers that you
never would have found unless you did
this. Now that you've done all those
research methods, you should have a
saved folder full of viral hooks in your
niche. Now, before we create our own
hook stacks with our research, I do want
to talk to you about the seven hook
angles that viral videos fall into. So,
when we do create our hook stacks later
on when we're scripting our content, you
know to make it follow one of these
seven themes that I'm about to go over.
Number one is the tutorial angle.
Showing a step-by-step process,
framework, acronym, etc. Number two is
the comparison hook angle. When you
compare different actions/methods to get
the same result and show which one is
better. Number three, the myth
bust/common mistake hook angle. When you
debunk a common niche myth or mistake.
Number four, the do/don'ts hook angle.
Where you show right versus wrong
niche-related things. Number five, the
educational tips/hack hook angle. Where
you teach a niche lesson, tip, or hack.
Number six, the transformation hook
angle. Where you show a niche before and
after result. And number seven, the
challenge hook angle. Where you create
/participate in a niche-related
challenge. Okay, now that we have all of
our hook research and we have our seven
viral hook angles, we can now create
hook stacks for our scripts. And just to
clarify, a hook stack is what we talked
about first in this video. It is your
verbal, written, and visual hook for a
video. And we're going to create a hook
stack for every single video that we
create. So, I personally like to batch a
few weeks to a month of scripts in
advance that I will also just batch
film. And I start off my batch of
scripts by creating the hook stacks for
each of my videos. So, I'm going to show
you a few examples of hook stacks I've
created with my research that I did in
the styling niche just for this video
that I would use in content. Example
number one. For the written hook, I have
hairstyle neckline guide. For the verbal
hook, I have this is the best hairstyle
for different tops. Now, I adjusted this
one a tiny bit, just the word tops at
the end. And when you're adjusting one
or two words, I really think it's still
fine. But, it also depends on the hook.
For the visual hook, I have just a
clone. Example number two. For the
written hook, I have how to dress for
your proportions. For the verbal hook, I
have how to dress for your body type.
And then for the visual hook, I'm going
to have like little drawn visuals and
labels of the different body types just
on the screen in just one neat row.
Example number three. For the written
hook, I have jeans for different body
types. For the verbal hook, I have try
on jeans based on your body shape. And
then for the visual hook, I have three
clones, three types of jeans, and them
all being labeled. Okay, those are just
some examples of how you can create hook
stacks with viral hooks that you found
during your research. But, basically
when I am batching a whole month of
content, I'm going to be doing that for
every single script before I script
things out because I like to find viral
proven hooks and topics to write my
scripts with because I know they already
work. So, essentially you would just
repeat that process and create those
hook stacks for your entire month of
content or however you do like to batch
out content, which might only be a week.
Now, there's one more thing we need to
discuss. We already talked about using
niche outlier hooks, but there is one
other way to find new viral hooks for
your content. You see, about a year and
a half ago, I noticed that there was
these viral hook templates that honestly
just worked in any niche that you could
turn into usable and reusable templates.
Here are some examples. Is it possible
Is it possible Is it possible Is it
possible Is it possible 600 days ago, a
year ago, 6 months ago 6 years ago Did
you know if you Did you know that if Did
you know that if
&gt;&gt; Did you know if you Three levels of
tomato pasta. Three levels of cookies.
Three levels of speed ramps. Three
levels of hot chocolate.
&gt;&gt; Three levels of pickles. Smart couple
versus dumb couple buying a house in the
UK.
&gt;&gt; This is smart guy versus dumb guy when
it comes to cars. [music] This is smart
guy versus dumb guy when it comes to
eating out.
&gt;&gt; This is smart guy versus dumb guy when
it comes to buying a car. The point
being, if you can't find a niche hook
for something or you see a hook in a
different niche that you like, you can
turn it into a template and adjust it to
your niche. For example, this was a
viral outlier hook.
&gt;&gt; This is a picture of my first date ever.
And this was my hook from someone in a
different niche than the original
creator.
&gt;&gt; This is a picture of my first date ever
with this guy named Ben.
&gt;&gt; I'll say use viral hooks in your niche
first, but these are also an option if
you need them. That is how you
strategically create viral hooks for
your video to get the best chance of a
huge win. Guys, remember it only takes
one video for you to completely change
your channel. Happy hooking, everyone,
and follow for more social media
marketing education.