 So we kind of understand the first, the intro kind of, sure. I'm going to ask you some questions that we need to develop a story out of it. But it's like, to start off, what was your experience with ads the first time? Yeah, I mean, we ran them, but we had no retention for our product. So when the ads stopped working, we had people to pay on our team. We basically just went on them. And why did you want to start ads up again? Because I pulled this paper from the wall. Okay. Do you have any, what did you do differently to prepare? Two. We focused a lot of our past couple years on the product. So maybe I can give you like a rough outline and just like voice it out. So here's what I'm thinking. The hook is, this vault here contains business tactics worth over $100 billion. And today I'm going to be choosing one and applying it to my own app. And then I spin the wheel or whatever. And then I pull it. And then I bring it to Amazon. And then it'd be like, in 2011, Jeff Bezos ran and did a mess with all that. This, this, this. And he decided to advertise. And that's what led to Amazon growing 300% in a quarter. I don't know, something like that. And then I would like laugh. He'd be like, why are you laughing? And I'd be like, we ran ads in the past and it did not work. And then it would come to a montage. and be like, and then I would be like, I guess we're going to be running out again. And then it would be a narration and be like, in order for this to work for my agency, there needs to be three things that need to be true. One, we need to record incredible advertisements that are just different from what you normally see. Two, we need to have a kick-ass team. And these three can be whatever. This is just like an idea. We need a kick-ass team that can actually upload them and we get good results. And three, the most important thing, whether that will show if this project is successful or not, within the first 30 days, we need to be able to sign a client or a while. And then... If you do the first... If you kept that as one of them, it would be hard to have the... 15 minutes. Whatever, yeah. And then it would be... In order for you to understand... But first, you need to understand what we do. And then it would come into step one and be like, all right, I'm ready to record. Ads. And then, I don't know, we grab some footage from the blog. I'd be like, yeah, cool. I would do like some B-roll. And then I'd be like, I don't know if you understand how this is going to work. Do you understand what our agency is? I was 15 years old. I go down and try to find it. And we make ads for Google Apps. And we're now at a very interesting point where we've nailed our product and we're getting here to start advertising. And then we cut back to like more raw, like, okay, ready to record ads. And then when it gets boring there, it'll come into my narration. And then... It'd be like... As we were recording ads, we ran into a huge problem. We... I don't know, whatever that problem is, the closed... Oh, we closed it. And it's like, okay, we're done with ads. And then it's like something like, I don't know, the raw, like me dusting my hands or we finished the ads, they're good to go, let's watch them. And then I'd show them. And it's like, now step two. We need to find a good team that can do this. Or we need to get them uploaded. But I ran into a problem that I realized... And I realized that our website was trash. So we need to redo our entire website. And then it shows that. And it's like, okay. And then the day came where we read the ads. It's like, how you feeling? I'm like, nervous. And then maybe it's a time lapse or in the next couple of days, we'll be just continuously checking the ad counts, like the ad count. So we got our first call. And it's like, all right, we had our first call book with our first legit company. And then maybe you like record the sales call or something. And it's like, we sat down for a go. And then we're like, okay, we're done. We're done. We're done. We're done. We're done. We're done. We're done. We're done. And then it's like, yeah, it's working. And that's the video. And I think the thumbnail and title would be the specific entrepreneur that we use. Like, if it's Jeff Bezos, Amazon for 2020, I don't know, whatever. It'd be like, the thumbnail would be, I tried Jeff Bezos $1 billion business idea or business tactic. And the thumbnail would be me with like his face next to it. And the thumbnail would be me with like, this face next to it. And that's the video. And that could be the title too. That's the overall outline. But I think even the arc of like the stories, I would really look into like what already works for people like Jesse and Janice and like really building that arc we can play our cards into versus this is what we have. We need to build an arc around it. Right. I definitely, I definitely liked it. I definitely liked it. I definitely liked it. I definitely liked it. I think it's the script aspect of it. There's no, it's just easier to have a story out of it, going into it specifically. Having this as a outline, I'll look into more of like where there is, what footage we already have. and what footage we need to film. Yeah. And then seeing how I can orient it where there's always a loop, either an opening or a closing in the video. Yeah. And I can see this being five minutes long, I can see it being 20 minutes long. Yeah. You know, it's just, I really don't have a length in mind for this type of video. Yeah. Is it interesting? Let's try it. Yeah. Just see how it goes. There we go. Again, very niche. Yeah. But, very tactical. I'll need to go reverse engineer the shots for the hook. Yeah. Is there a specific entrepreneur, because we're taking a tactic from the beach, do you already know which one that is, or is that something you have to figure out? I think we know what the tactic is, we don't know which entrepreneur to choose. So how do we do that? We just research that? Yeah. Imagine researching. I guess. Right. Like, how is, how is, how is, how is the story going to be? One of the problems is you've already made the odds. You've already made the website. So you really didn't use the tactic from that entrepreneur to do it. So how do we film that exact tactic or? So I think the overarching tactic would be run ads. It wouldn't be too specific. The story would be specific to my entrepreneur. But the lesson would be, the lesson would be run ads. That clears up. Yeah. Stay in tune to see what happens with it. Yeah. If it actually works. Yeah. That's cool. I like that. And then the next video would just be, we ran ads for the boss. 30 days. We used this billionaire's tactic. Yeah. And we're going to get the best of it. I'll have to sit down and have it all in like, laid out so I can think more about it. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. That's a good idea. The part two. Or even. But if the video blocks, we'll be done with part two. As I said, maybe, maybe we do get a little bit of a break. Yeah. But I think that's a good idea. Yeah. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. Yeah. I think that's a good idea. Yeah. I think that's a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. I think we do get a call back in time. Yeah. Within the two weeks. And we can film it. Yeah. I mean, worst case if it doesn't work, we'd be like, but the metrics are showing that this is not working really well. Or like, you know, it's just a bad. I think we'll know if it's bad or not. Exactly. Before we film it. Yeah. So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, We film the hook, we script the hook, we film all the raw parts of the video, and after that we map it out into a storyboard, and then we script the narrators. We probably map out the raw footage because some videos we take, we won't be able to film it all in one day. Some videos we might have to, like if it was the call with the new client, that's going to be only 20 hours, two weeks, right? But what I'm saying is like, until that call with the client happens, it would be hard for us to script the A-roll of the video. No, I'm talking about the B-roll. Okay, yeah. So the B-roll we would kind of just film with like a rough idea of what the plot lines look like, and then after all that's done, we script the A-roll of the narration. Yeah. Okay. And that's where we get really in-depth with the plot line, like the open close thing. And the A-roll we can do. Yeah. With the batch. Yeah, exactly. We can film it with the other batch. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, cool. We're going to put it together. We're going to add the graphics and effects, if needed. Cool. I definitely want to have like most of it assembled before we even start filming the A-roll. Most of what? Most of the video assembled before we even film the A-roll. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. I would say that's film Saturday and then the batch but I want to make sure that Gerald can do the batch first before you even think of the batch right yeah yeah Boyer would, I mean we have a lot of batch 3 we can still post it's still going to be the same type of it's obviously the same type of video so if we needed to post one batch we could yeah I would prefer to film it Saturday or Sunday ok makes sense, ok I'm going to wrap up I got to go ok this is good I'm glad like we were here